Scalability - C
Why:
The system is expected to have a maximum of 2000 users as specified by the client. Buzz Space is meant to encourage
discussions on multiple topics at the same time by a large amount of users so the system needs to be able to handle
many concurrent users too.

How:
addition of system resources
Store data on client side for less traffic on server
Loose-coupling sub systems tied together by API's


Patterns:
Blackboard Pattern
	-By allowing multiple processes such as creating a root thread or rating a user to 
	 work closer together on different threads, polling and reacting if needed so that 
	 less time is wasted by running processes in parralel.

Maintainability and Auditability - C
Why:
The system should be monitor-able and audit-able, to enable lecturers to monitor the discussion boards and to see
who posted what on the Buzz Space. Lecturers should be able to evaluate and monitor each user to be able to give the
user a participation mark for the discussion board. Lecturers should be able to prevent irrelevant posts and discussions
and should be able to see who were part of the discussion and notify them that it has been removed and should then
be able to give them a warning.

How:
Use seperate table for the audit log.
Log all user Activity.

Patterns:
Prototype pattern
	-By deep cloning objects to store their data in the audit log if any changes occured, without keeping 
	 a reference to the original data and exposing it.


Usability - I
Why:
The system must be as usable as possible so that users are encouraged to use it as much as possible. The extent to
which the system can be made usable is affected by the priority of scalability and audit-ability because if the system
is made scalable so that it can be used by all students at the same time, it is impossible to cater for 2000 student’s
needs and make it 100% usable for the mass. Usability is marked important because the participation of students can
be greatly affected if the system is unusable and students will then lose marks.

How:


Patterns:




Integrability - I
Security - I